---
layout: post
title:      "Why I decided to Study Software Engineering?""
date:       2020-02-25 02:46:32 +0000
permalink:  why_i_decided_to_study_software_engineering
---




Let me start off by telling you that I took a job as a loan originator out of college.  I began in that field just after the government started to amp up regulations in the mortgage industry.  Before I entered the mortgage industry, they were offering, can you believe, loans to anyone who could basically sign their name and were willing to state how much income they received without having to prove their financial worth.   Along with this they were approving loans to people with credit scores in the low 500's.  So when I entered this industry, the regulations were tightening more and more each year which was very much needed.  The problem is knowing when enough is enough.  Pretty soon I couldn't get loans approved for people with mid to high 700 credit scores.  Banks were scared to loan out money.  My realtors that sent me business were finding new, more stable jobs.  So I had to move on as well.
I then landed in the oil and gas industry which has its ups and downs as well.  This industry remained prosperous for a handful of years until the price of oil tanked.  Then I found myself out of work again.  I decided I would use my time to study for my financial licenses in order to become a financial advisor.  After all, I did go to school to study finance and received my bachelor's in finance.  I worked in this field for a number of years while the government tried to enforce more and more regulations on our field.  I can see, to some extent, that they were trying to guard against some people whom were taken advantage of, but in the long run most of their rules and regulations ended up hurting the lower and middle-class.  
Finally, I decided I would change paths and this would be my final change.  I knew the programming field was booming and that this industry was the future.  I asked around regarding what schools were the best to attend, and I decided to choose Flatiron.  I had heard nothing but good things about this school.  I was tired of changing careers and industries, and I wanted to finally put my roots down and remain in an industry that I believed I could continue until I reached retirement.  With the studies I have read, I believe software engineering will in no doubt meet that promise.  So here I am learning to code.  It definitely is challenging which makes it something I enjoy especially when I meet those challenges.  My goal is to graduate from Flatiron, and put my roots down in this industry and continue to grow and meet the challenges that I will face.  I know they won't be easy, but when you overcome, nothing beats having that feeling of accomplishment.
